[Backport release_3.10] cdash updates (unit testing, developers guide) (#4872)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/developers_guide/unittesting.rst

#. When fonts are required, use the font specified in
   ``QgsFontUtils::standardTestFontFamily()`` ("QGIS Vera Sans").

If travis reports errors for new images (for instance due to

> antialiasing or font differences), there is a tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
antialiasing or font differences), the script
```

> (:source:`parse_dash_results.py <scripts/parse_dash_results.py>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:source:`parse_dash_results.py <scripts/parse_dash_results.py>`
```

> that will help you when updating the local test masks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can help you when you are updating the local test masks.
```
